I imagine that each of you probably had
a slightly different experience with this.
Because what we're talking about is
perceived performance, what your
expectations were of the sites, and where
in the world you were located to see that.
But that was your real performance,
the number that you care about the most
if we were to actually rank the sites.
Now we probably have different scores,
but here's how I rated them.
I thought NPR was the fastest,
I felt it was the fastest,
followed by the New York Times,
The Wall Street Journal, and last CNN.
And so let's talk about why,
why did we feel these things were slow or
fast?
Well, NPR to me felt fast, because
the ads were an afterthought, I had all
the content I wanted, but the reasons
why I came to the site, were all there.
And then, there were some ads,
but they weren't intrusive,
they weren't in my face.
Whereas the CNN, it's like the ads
were the first thing that loaded,
it grabbed my attention, which is
obviously what the advertisers want.
But as a consumer going there looking for
what's the news of the day,
it was distracting, and it slowed
down the actual content of the page.
New York Times and Wall Street Journal
had various degrees of that as well.
So, how might the business
models of these applications or
these companies have affected that?
Well, NPR is a publicly
funded organization and
advertising revenue is just crazy, it's
just as if they can get a little bit more.
But they don't need to put ads,
so they can,
they can just deliver
the best content they can.
Whereas CNN is completely advertising
funded, that's how they get their money,
they take advertisers and
they put them on their television.
They put them on the bottom scroll, they
take video they put it on their website.
Because they're a video driven company,
many of their advertisements are also
video driven, which is bandwidth heavy.